fix upload with zips (#2358)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Added playbook modification capabilities in **TestSuite**.
* Added a new command **create-content-graph**.

> * Fixed an issue with **upload** command with `zip` argument with temp directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **upload** command where the temporary zip would not clean up properly.
```
